## https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-answer-describe-important-project-youve-worked-interview-buj/

Sample Answer
“I have worked on many important projects throughout my career. What’s really crucial for me when starting one is to get very clear on the goals 
right at the start and then create a plan with milestones. I also like dealing with the most difficult parts of the projects early on—that way 
in case there are any significant issues, I’ll still have a nice amount of time to complete before the deadline. I also typically break down
large tasks into smaller chunks, so that it is easier to know where to start. Detailed planning is very important to ensure an important project 
goes smoothly. For example, last year I was in charge of . . . .”

From here, start explaining the project, first in terms of its purpose and objective, scope, complexity [e.g. working with new technology, 
number of resources, budget, and timeline] and the key challenge you needed to overcome. Show them that you can see not only the big picture 
but also all the little things that need to happen on a daily basis in order to get the project done.

Here’s another example of how to answer the question:

“In order to get project “X” completed in my previous job, I found out who the key stakeholders were and got their input on the project’s different parts. 
Then, I outlined the major milestones that would be involved in completing the project, and worked backwards to break down the work that would need to be 
done at each stage.

I created a list of all possible risks that might stop us from reaching those milestones, and I then added some extra time to the schedule in case 
anything unexpected came up. I also made sure that my role and responsibilities in the project were as clear as possible so I knew exactly what I had to do. 
The project was completed on time, but looking back, I realize there were some problems that could have been avoided. For example, I would have changed “Z” 
in order to avoid some of the minor scheduling problems we ran into. Having said that, it’s always easier to see what the learnings are after a project 
has been completed, and I now know what I’d do differently the next time.”
